hey guys welcome back to my channel
today's tutorial is inspired by the
upcoming fall season so I hope you guys
all love it first step is to apply some
foundation I'm using my benefit hello
flawless with a Beauty Blender and just
applying this all over my face it gives
a nice medium coverage or the natural
finish next I'm applying some concealer
this is the NARS creamy radiant
concealer it's great for under-eye
circles and it provides a lot of
coverage so I really love this one I'm
going to also blend this in with my
Beauty Blender
to give my skin a little glow I'm
applying my baby plus illumination from
gerard cosmetics I'm just dotting this
on my face wherever I want a natural
highlight and then blending in with my
Beauty Blender I've been loving cream
highlights and cream blush lately it
gives a really natural glowy look and
then I'm going to apply my Becca tint
this is in the shade watermelon again
just going to give you that really
natural glowy look and it smells really
good too I'm just going to set my under
eye concealer with the two matte shades
the two matte highlight shades in my
Anastasia contour kit I've been loving
this kit lately and it's great for the
fall time because it gives you a really
nice bright look to your skin and then
for the contour I'm taking the two
darkest shades and pretty much just
contouring my face I'm not using bronzer
for this look in the fall I like to
focus on using more color on my eyes and
on my lips so I shy away from using too
much color on my face
next I'm taking my 26 color palette from
BH and I'm applying two of the blushes
I'm mixing them together to create a
custom shade just going to apply this on
the lower half of my cheekbones I want
to keep this pretty low and blend it in
with my contour really well this is just
going to set that becca tint and further
enhance that natural looking glow
without having to use a powder highlight
then I'm going to prime my eyes using my
benefit stay don't stray shadow primer I
love this one I've been using it for
years I'm going to use my 26 color
palette from BH for the rest of the
shadow look as well I'm taking this
peachy transition shade and applying
this throughout my crease and a little
bit above a little bit below just really
blowing this out to create the first
step in this smokey eye and using a big
fluffy blending brush to do this next
I'm going in with a dark burgundy color
and a smaller brush and applying this
directly to my crease to give my eye a
lot more definition and also some color
I'm making sure to really focus this on
the inner corner and also kind of like
in that middle portion of my crease I
love this color
then I'm applying a dark matte Brown to
the outer corner and creating a cat eye
so when I use it angled eye shadow brush
like this it makes it super easy if you
guys aren't the greatest eye shadow this
brush really helps because it does the
work for you so as you can see I'm kind
of twisting the brush around to create
that cat eye shape
now I'm just blending everything out
adding a little bit more of each color
until I like the way that it looks but
it's really important when you're
working with bold colors like this to
really blend them out reapply blend them
out it takes a while but ends up looking
a lot more professional and blended if
you do it this way next I'm applying
some gold shimmery shadow directly to my
lid this is also from that BH palette I
think the gold kind of really brings
this look back to not be super bold and
still keeps out the natural side so I
really like the way that looks and I'm
also applying this to the inner corner
of my lower lash line this is going to
open my eyes up then I'm going to take
that burgundy shade and that brown shade
mixed together and apply it on the outer
half of my lower lash line then I'm
taking that blending brush from earlier
and further blending everything out and
connecting it to my top lid this really
makes it more of a seamless look and
look super blended I love kind of
creating that round shape to my eyes
next I'm doing a little cat eye winged
liner this one is from Urban Decay
and I'm also using a pencil liner from
urban decay in a dark black color to
line my upper lash line in my lower lash
line
next I'm applying a million coats of
mascara I'm still using the it cosmetics
hello lashes it's my favorite and I also
went ahead and filled in my brows and
it's time for lips so I'm using Mac
lipliner and spice this is a dark
neutral rosy color and I'm out I'm over
lining my lips just a little bit
for lipstick I'm using a buxom shade in
the color Brooklyn it's also a dark nude
color then I'm just going to use a
little concealer on a brush to clean out
the edges make sure everything looks
good and that's it so I hope you guys
love this look it's perfect for fall
please tag me and any pictures if you
try it out I would love to see your
guy's recreations and give this video a
thumbs up if you want me to do more
makeup tutorials and subscribe if you
haven't yet I make new videos every
single week thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll talk to you next time
bye honey now take me into your loving
arms kiss me under the light of a
thousand stars oh darling place your
head